In 1954 New England, six strangers are invited to a party at a secluded New 
England mansion. They are met by the house butler Wadsworth, who reminds them 
that they have been given pseudonyms to protect their true identity. During 
dinner, the seventh attendee, Mr. Boddy, arrives. After dinner, Wadsworth 
takes everyone to the study and reveals the true nature of the party: all of 
the guests are being blackmailed:
    -Professor Plum is a psychiatrist who 
lost his medical license because he had an affair with a married female 
patient. He now works for the United Nations' WHO.
    -Mrs. Peacock is the wife of a U.S Senator who has been accused of 
accepting bribes to deliver her husband's vote. She claims she is innocent but 
she must pay blackmail money to avoid the story being used for a political 
witch hunt.
    -Miss Scarlet is a madam who operates an illegal escort service in 
Washington, D.C.
    -Colonel Mustard was a war profiteer who made his money from selling stolen radio components on the black market. He now works at the 
Pentagon on a private fusion bomb.
    -Mrs. White is an alleged 'black widow' who was drawn in to avoid a scandal regarding the mysterious death of her 
nuclear physicist husband. She was previously married to an illusionist, who 
also disappeared under mysterious circumstances.
    -Mr. Green is a homosexual, a secret that would cost him his job with the 
State Department if it were widely known.

Finally, Wadsworth reveals Mr. Boddy's secret: he is the one who has been 
blackmailing the others. Wadsworth has gathered all the guests together to 
confront Mr. Boddy and turn him over to the police. He also reveals this plan 
is his revenge against Mr. Boddy, whose blackmail had resulted in the suicide 
of Wadsworth's wife.\n\nMr. Boddy reminds the guests that he can reveal their 
secrets in police custody and offers them an alternative proposition: by using 
weapons he has provided (the wrench, the candlestick, the lead pipe, the knife, 
the revolver and the rope), they can kill Wadsworth and destroy the evidence, 
keeping their secrets safe. Escape is not an option as Wadsworth holds the only 
key to the mansion. The guests disperse, and Mr. Boddy is found dead some time 
later. It is up to the guests, with the help of you detectives, to figure out 
the details of the murder so that they can save themselves.
